Add opensearch detail dashboard (#338)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-insights: dashboards/opensearch/docs/opensearch_details.md

> This dashboard answers the following questions for each instance:
> 
> - OpenSearch details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dashboard answers the following questions for each domain:

- How is the domain configured?
- What tags are applied?
- What relationships does the function have with other resources?
```
